finality: update docs for randomness derivation/timestamping (#604)
babylonchain/babylon: x/finality/README.md

**Interaction between finality providers and the Finality module.** In order to
participate in the finality voting round, an active finality provider with BTC
delegations (as specified in the [BTC Staking module](../btcstaking/README.md))
needs to interact with Babylon as follows:

- **Committing EOTS master public randomness.** The finality provider needs to
  generate a pair of EOTS master secret/public randomness, and commit the master
  public randomness when registering itself to Babylon. The EOTS master
  secret/public randomness allows to derive a EOTS secret/public randomness
  deterministically for each given height, respectively. Babylon further
  requires the epoch of the finality provider registration to be finalized by

>   BTC timestamping in order to submit finality signatures. This ensures that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  BTC timestamping before the registered finality provider can submit finality signatures. This ensures that
```
